### Preprocessing Datasets for Top n Word's Frequency Race Diagram

This folder contains the datasets used for preprocessing the data when creating the Top n Word's Frequency Race Diagram.

#### commonWords.csv

The `commonWords.csv` file is generated by `dataprocesing.py` and stores the most common words found in the abstracts of collected papers within the selected time slot. This dataset is useful for generating the `wordCount.csv` file.

#### wordCount.csv

The `wordCount.csv` file is created by `dataprocessing.py`. Each row in the dataset represents the word count for the most common words found in the abstracts of all the papers published on a particular date. This dataset is used for generating the Word Frequency Race Diagram.

#### stop_words.csv

The `stop_words.csv` file is a collection of stop words. Stop words are commonly occurring words that may appear in all papers and provide little useful insight. These words are filtered out from the abstracts using `dataprocessing.py`. The `stop_words.csv` dataset contains the list of stop words used for this purpose.

#### stopwordsCleaner.ipynb

The `stopwordsCleaner.ipynb` notebook is used to customize the stop words list. Users can add or remove words from the list and then execute the notebook. The notebook removes duplicate words, sorts the list, and saves it as `stop_words.csv`. This customized stop words list is then used by `dataprocessing.py` to filter out the stop words from the abstracts.

Feel free to use and modify these datasets and scripts to suit your needs.
